1- Create a new branch called feature/login. Switch to the new branch.

  CMD: git switch -c feature/login

2- Show all the branches.

 CMD: git branch

3- Update file1.txt in the current branch (feature/login) and make a new commit.

CMD: git add . 
    git commit -m "final changed"

4- Show the commits across all branches.

 CMD: git log --oneline --all

5- Switch back to the master branch. Show the commits in the feature branch that don’t exist on master.

 CMD: git switch main
      git log main..feature/login

6- View the differences between master and feature/login.

  CMD: git diff main..feature/login
 
7- Merge feature/login into master.

  CMD: git merge feature/login

8- View the merged and unmerged branches.

  CMD: git branch --merged
       git branch --no-merged

9- Delete the feature branch.

  CMD: git branch -d feature/login

10- Create a new branch called feature/logout. On this branch, write blue to file1.txt and make a commit.

  CMD: git switch -c feature/logout
       git add .
       git commit -m "changed"

Switch back to master, write green to file1.txt and make another commit.

  CMD: git switch main
       git add .
       git commit -m "changed"

Try to merge your feature branch into master. You’ll see a conflict. Resolve the conflict by accepting both changes. When you’re done merging, delete the new branch.
  
  CMD: git merge feature/logout
       Updating c607ef5..7db6bf0
Fast-forward
 file1.txt | 0
 1 file changed, 0 insertions(+), 0 deletions(-)
 create mode 100644 file1.txt
  
  CMD: git branch -d feature/logout

11- Create a new branch called bugfix/login. On this branch, write orange to file1.txt and make a commit.
 
  CMD:git switch -c bugfix/login
      git add .
      git commit -m "changed"

Switch back to master, write green to file2.txt and make another commit. View a graph of your branches. You’ll see divergence.

 CMD: git switch main
      git add .
      git commit -m "changed"
      git log --oneline --all --graph

Rebase the new branch on top of master.

  CMD:git rebase bugfix/login
 
View the graph of branches again. Note that the divergence is gone.

  CMD: git log --oneline --all --graph

Do a fast-forward merge to bring the changes in the bugfix branch into master.
 
  CMD: git switch bugfix/login
       git merge main
 